Cruz Azul captured the 2013-14 CONCACAF Champions League crown after a final played 6 August 2013. Lexi Thompson won the 2014 Kraft Nabisco Championship on 3-6 April, while Sébastien Ogier and co-driver Julien Ingrassia steered their Volkswagen to victory in the Rally de Portugal the same weekend. Pineau de Re, ridden by Leighton Aspell and trained by Richard Newland, took the 5 April Grand National. Javier Gómez and Jodie Stimpson opened the ITU World Triathlon Series with wins in Auckland on 5-6 April. Estonia earned promotion to Division I-B and Israel dropped to Division II-B as Spain rose to Division II-A and Turkey fell to Division III after the IIHF World Championship Division II tournament held 5-15 April. Lewis Hamilton claimed the 6 April Bahrain Grand Prix for Mercedes, and Fabian Cancellara won the Tour of Flanders for Trek Factory Racing that day. Bulgaria moved up to Division II-B after the IIHF Division III event 6-12 April, while the Czech women advanced to the Elite Division and Slovakia slid to Division I-B, Latvia climbed to Division I-A and Kazakhstan descended to Division II-A during the Women’s World Championship Division I. Italy’s women rose to Division I-B and Australia dropped to Division II-B from Division II-A. Alberto Contador dominated the Tour of the Basque Country 7-12 April. Bubba Watson slipped on the green jacket after the 10-13 April Masters. The United States topped the AIBA Youth World Boxing Championships with three titles. Igor Stefanovski won Category I and Simone Faggioli Category II in the FIA European Hill Climb Championship season that ran until 21 September. Wilson Kipsang Kiprotich and Edna Kiplagat struck London Marathon glory on 13 April, the same day Niki Terpstra conquered Paris-Roubaix for Omega Pharma-Quick-Step. Marc Márquez, Maverick Viñales and Jack Miller won MotoGP, Moto2 and Moto3 respectively at the Motorcycle Grand Prix of the Americas, while José María López and Sébastien Loeb shared Citroën one-two in the WTCC Race of Morocco. Ramy Ashour ruled the El Gouna International squash event 13-18 April.