Intercity Line 26 links Hamburg, Hannover, Kassel, Gießen, Frankfurt, Heidelberg and Karlsruhe every two hours, with through coaches continuing from Binz and Rostock via Hamburg to Konstanz, from Hamburg via Kassel, Würzburg and Nuremberg to Passau, from Kassel via Würzburg, Ansbach, Augsburg and Munich to Berchtesgaden, and from Munich through Zell am See to Schwarzach St. Veit. Line 27 runs every two hours from Hamburg through Wittenberge, Berlin and Dresden to Prague, with extensions from Westerland and from Binz via Stralsund to Berlin and onward to Vienna, Budapest and Villach. One daily train pair of Line 28 connects Berlin, Leipzig, Nuremberg, Augsburg and Munich. Every two hours Line 30 runs from Hamburg via Bremen, Münster, Dortmund, Düsseldorf, Cologne, Koblenz, Mainz, Mannheim, Heidelberg to Stuttgart, with through coaches from Binz and Heringsdorf via Rostock and Hamburg to Chur via Basel and Zürich. Line 31 links Hamburg, Bremen, Münster, Dortmund, Wuppertal, Cologne, Koblenz, Mainz and Frankfurt every two hours, with extensions from Kiel and from Puttgarden via Lübeck to Hamburg and from Frankfurt via Würzburg and Nuremberg to Passau. Line 32 runs every two hours from Dortmund via Essen, Düsseldorf, Cologne, Koblenz, Mainz, Mannheim, Heidelberg, Stuttgart and Ulm to Munich, with through coaches from Berlin via Hannover and Hamm to Dortmund, from Münster to Essen, from Stuttgart to Tübingen, from Ulm to Innsbruck via Lindau, and from Munich to Klagenfurt via Salzburg. Line 35 starts every two hours in Norddeich Mole, runs through Emden, Münster, Gelsenkirchen, Oberhausen, Düsseldorf and Cologne to Koblenz, and continues to Luxembourg, to Stuttgart via Mainz and Mannheim, and to Konstanz via Karlsruhe and Offenburg. Line 50 links Leipzig, Naumburg, Erfurt, Eisenach, Fulda, Frankfurt and Frankfurt Airport every two hours, with through coaches from Binz via Stralsund and Berlin to Naumburg, from Dresden to Leipzig, from Eisenach via Kassel to Dortmund, and from Frankfurt via Darmstadt and Mannheim to Saarbrücken. Every two hours Line 55 runs from Leipzig via Halle, Magdeburg, Hannover, Hamm, Dortmund and Wuppertal to Cologne, with extensions from Dortmund via Düsseldorf to Stuttgart and Oberstdorf, and from Riesa to Dresden. Line 56 connects Dresden, Leipzig, Halle, Magdeburg, Hannover, Bremen and Oldenburg every two hours, with branches from Cottbus via Berlin to Magdeburg, from Magdeburg to Warnemünde via Stendal and Rostock, and from Oldenburg to Emden. Line 60 runs every two hours from Karlsruhe via Bruchsal and Stuttgart to Munich, with through coaches from Basel to Karlsruhe and from Munich to Salzburg. Line 61 links Karlsruhe, Pforzheim, Stuttgart, Ansbach and Nuremberg every two hours, with extensions from Basel via Freiburg to Karlsruhe and from Nuremberg to Leipzig via Jena. Every two hours Line 62 runs from Frankfurt via Heidelberg, Stuttgart, Munich to Salzburg, with through coaches from Siegen to Frankfurt, from Saarbrücken via Mannheim to Stuttgart, and from Salzburg to Graz, Linz and Klagenfurt. One train pair of Line 75 travels from Hamburg via Lübeck and Puttgarden to Copenhagen. Line 77 runs every two hours from Berlin via Wolfsburg, Hannover, Osnabrück and Bad Bentheim to Amsterdam, with a branch from Osnabrück to Münster. Every two hours Line 87 connects Stuttgart, Singen, Schaffhausen and Zürich, with through coaches from Frankfurt to Stuttgart. Four train pairs of Line 88 link Munich, Lindau, Bregenz and Zürich. Every two hours Line 89 runs from Munich via Rosenheim and Innsbruck to Italy. Four train pairs of Line 95 run from Berlin via Frankfurt (Oder) and Poznań to Warsaw, with an extension from Poznań to Gdańsk and Gdynia. One train pair of Line 99 travels from Hamburg via Lüneburg, Stendal, Berlin and Cottbus to Wroclaw.