Admiral, directed by Andrei Kravchuk, casts Konstantin Khabensky, Elizaveta Boyarskaya and Sergey Bezrukov in a 2008 Russian historical drama titled Адмиралъ. Igor Kalyonov’s Alexander, subtitled Невская битва, stars Anton Pampushnyy as a historical action hero. Jaroslav Chevazhevsky keeps the mood light with the seaside comedy На море. Kirill Kuzin gathers Garic Kharlamov, Mikhail Galustyan and Pavel Volya for the parody Самый лучший фильм, while Andrey Malyukov sends Danila Kozlovsky and Andrey Terentev time-travelling in the science-fiction adventure Мы из будущего. Agniya Kuznetsova and Polina Filonenko direct Valeriya Gai Germanika in the intimate drama Все умрут, а я останусь. Konstantin Khabensky reappears alongside Vladimir Mashkov and Chulpan Khamatova in Karen Oganesyan’s thriller Домовой. Valery Todorovsky stages a 1950s musical comedy with Anton Shagin, Oksana Akinshina and Evgeniya Khirivskaya in Стиляги. Fyodor Bondarchuk adapts the Strugatskys’ science-fiction epic Обитаемый остров with Vasiliy Stepanov, Yuliya Snigir and Pyotr Fyodorov. Aleksei Balabanov probes addiction in Морфий, starring Leonid Bichevin, Ingeborga Dapkūnaitė and Andrei Panin. Aleksey German’s Paper Soldier, Бумажный солдат, pairs Merab Ninidze and Chulpan Khamatova in a space-race drama. Andrey Iskanov fuses horror and documentary in Философия ножа, featuring Yukari Fujimoto and Yumiko Fujiwara. Marius Waisberg spoofs the Reich in the comedy Гитлер капут!, led by Pavel Derevyanko and Anna Semenovich. Katya Shagalova’s Однажды в провинции gathers Leonid Bichevin, Elvira Bolgova and Yuliya Peresild for a provincial drama. Oksana Bychkova crosses cultures in Плюс один with Madeleine Dzhabrailova and Jethro Skinner. Karen Shakhnazarov reflects on a vanished era in Исчезнувшая империя, starring Armen Dzhigarkhanyan and Alexander Lyapin. Mikheil Kalatozishvili’s Дикое поле casts Oleg Dolin, Roman Madyanov and Yuriy Stepanov as doctors stranded on the steppe. Kirill Serebrennikov closes the year with Юрьев день, a drama carried by Kseniya Rappoport.