James E. Brau holds the Philip H. Knight Professorship of Natural Science at the University of Oregon, directs its Center for High Energy Physics, and is noted for his work on the ATLAS experiment at CERN’s Large Hadron Collider, LIGO, and the International Linear Collider. Former chemistry professor Carlos Bustamante is a molecular biologist, while Patrick G. Carrick once directed the Shared Laser Facility. Katharine Cashman, formerly the Philip H. Knight Professor of Natural Science, is a geologist and vulcanologist; Thomas Condon, once a geology professor, was a geologist and paleontologist. Russell Donnelly, retired physics chair, gained renown in low-temperature physics, and visiting assistant psychology professor Jon Driver served temporarily in the department. Sarah Ann Douglas is Professor Emerita of Computer & Information Science, elected to the European Academy of Sciences in 2002 for pioneering human-computer interaction research. Ira Herskowitz, former Institute of Molecular Biology professor, is a geneticist; Stephen Hsu, ex-theoretical physics professor, co-founded SafeWeb. Ray Hyman, psychology professor emeritus, helped found modern skepticism. Ramesh Jasti, chemistry professor, first synthesized cycloparaphenylene, Huaxin Lin is a mathematics professor, and Eugene Luks, computer-science professor emeritus, is known for graph-isomorphism and computational-group-theory algorithms. Stephanie A. Majewski, assistant physics professor, received a Department of Energy Early Career Research award for experimental high-energy particle physics. Brian Matthews, physics professor emeritus, is a biochemist and biophysicist; Helen Neville, psychology and neuroscience professor, is a neuroscientist. Ivan M. Niven, former mathematics professor and ex-president of the Mathematics Association of America, was a number theorist. Aaron Novick founded the Institute of Molecular Biology and was a Manhattan Project member, and Geraldine Richmond, chemistry professor, is a National Medal of Science recipient.