In 2000 eight-year-old Ivorian Victoria Climbié was tortured and murdered by her aunt and other guardians in London, prompting a public inquiry that rewrote England’s child-protection rules. The same year seven-year-old Sarah Payne was abducted and murdered in East Preston, West Sussex, by convicted paedophile Roy Whiting, who received a life term with a 40-year minimum. Also in 2000 ten-year-old Damilola Taylor bled to death from a thigh wound in Peckham; brothers Ricky and Gavin Preedie were later convicted of manslaughter. On 21 September 2001 the torso of an unidentified Nigerian boy aged four to seven was found in the Thames, believed to be a ritual killing. In 2001 fifteen-year-old Danielle Jones vanished in East Tilbury; her uncle Stuart Campbell was convicted of murder after forensic analysis of text messages sent from her phone, though her body was never found. Thirteen-year-old Amanda Dowler disappeared in Walton-on-Thames in 2002; Levi Bellfield was convicted in 2011, and the News of the World later admitted hacking her phone. In Soham that year Ian Huntley murdered ten-year-olds Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman and received a 40-year minimum life sentence. In 2003 fourteen-year-old Jodi Jones was stabbed to death in Dalkeith by her boyfriend Luke Mitchell. In 2004 Kriss Donald, 15, was abducted and killed by an Asian gang in Glasgow in a racially motivated attack; four men received life sentences. Seventeen-month-old Peter Connelly, Baby P, died in Haringey in 2007 after months of abuse, echoing the earlier Climbié scandal. Eleven-year-old Rhys Jones was shot in Liverpool the same year; Sean Mercer, 18, received life with a 22-year minimum. Sixteen-year-old Ben Kinsella was stabbed in Islington in 2008, sparking anti-knife campaigns. Twelve-year-old Tia Rigg was drugged, raped and strangled by her uncle John Maden in Manchester in 2010; he was told he would never be released. Four-year-old Daniel Pełka starved and abused by his mother and her partner in Coventry died in 2012; both killers died in prison within three years. Six siblings perished in the 2012 Allenton house fire started by parents Mick and Mairead Philpott and friend Paul Mosley, who were convicted of manslaughter. Twelve-year-old Tia Sharp was smothered by her grandmother’s partner Stuart Hazell in Croydon and given a 38-year minimum life term. Five-year-old April Jones disappeared in Machynlleth in 2012; Mark Bridger was convicted despite no body being found. In 2014 fourteen-year-old Breck Bednar was lured online and murdered by Lewis Daynes in Grays, who received a 25-year minimum. Alice Gross, 14, vanished in Hanwell the same year; Latvian Arnis Zalkalns, who had a prior murder conviction, was identified but found hanged before trial. Sixteen-year-old Becky Watts was killed and dismembered in Bristol in 2015.